[On-screen text] Text appears. We believe technology can empower
[Audio description] everyone to achieve more. A man uses a wheelchair
equipped with a computer. We have so many pupils
who are non-verbal but still have so much to say.
[Audio description] A young man signs I want the exact same
information that my hearing friends have on a
smartphone speech to translate it to their
There are barriers to communication everywhere. But I think
it's time we look at the barriers as opportunities
People wearing t shirts,Ability: Imagine, Build, Enable.
to reach out to everyone and we're seeing this
[Audio description] come to life. A woman with headset and a guide dog
soundscape. Soundscape fills in a lot of the
[Audio description] mental map as you move, approaching intersection.
[Audio description] You can just put in your pocket and go. A man uses
a wheelchair and computer, eye control. With ALS,
you become locked in. But we see technology as a
way to give back what ALS has taken away. Touching
[Audio description] icons on a tablet computer SwiftKey symbols.
There's no better feeling than to hear a child say
something that I've wanted to say, and the look on
their face after they've been able to say it. A
[Audio description] teacher and student learning tools. When its
reading, I see spaces between the words and its easy
to focus on. RJ realized that here was
[Audio description] something that could change his life. AI is
opening the door to a new wave of possibilities. A
[Audio description] lecture hall. Joseph Hagin, Microsoft translator.
Now that I have my phone, I can see exactly what
was said. And that's been a huge help to me. The
system is learning as it goes and the accuracy has
improved tremendously. Students can pick any
language that they choose to receive the
information. It's like we jumped into the future,
[Audio description] A woman signs, communication is very important
for all of us, and we just want to be together on
[Audio description] and not feel left out. A man with dowels puts them in
[Audio description] round slots. French is spoken, to
help autistic individuals communicate. Pain, beurre, confiture shown, We use
images. Arthur's mother. I say something to Arthur
and Picto app converts this instantly into
pictograms and then repeats it as a voice command.
Go get dressed and brush your teeth. We could go
back to having a more spontaneous communication. I
think it really helps build relationships. A
[Audio description] family portrait seeing I, Eric Richards, both my
wife and I are totally blind and we have a three
year old son that's in preschool. He can see, but
his parents can't. So to be able to know what's
going on at his school is everything. The seating
area has the ability to allow me access to the
visual world. Artificial intelligence is beginning
to have an impact on the lives of people with
disabilities, but it's only going to grow. There
[Audio description] is still so much out there, uh, to be done. And we
are just getting started. Let's see what you can
do. AI for accessibility Microsoft, Microsoft.com slash
AI for accessibility.